hey folks i just heard that there's a
principle from a school in Ipswich
Massachusetts that canceled a banquet
they've had for years that honors
students that were high honors in their
grades why did he cancel because he said
the kids had tried to earn this high
honor so they could be part of the
banquet well they'd be devastated if
they found out they failed came as it
chooses do you really need me for this
and by the way principle is that really
the battle you want to choose I got a
bed right here why do you see how many
kids in your school can actually spell
em switch for crying out loud of all the
names you come up with it's which I
actually looked it up in my atlas how do
you spell dip switch and it said we're
not sure go to Massachusetts and find
out that again Massachusetts has so many
s's I can barely spell that I think that
what you really need to do my friend is
put mmm put your mind where I'm sure can
be best of service and that is for those
who actually accomplished I mean even
ever thought that if somebody could be
devastated because they didn't make it
to the high degree of honor that perhaps
those who have made it and are told will
not gonna honor you because we're afraid
others might feel bad maybe they're
devastated how come their devastation is
less important than those who fails
devastation remember those who actually
made it to the honor roll the one
letting created Mac computers and oh the
Constitution and things that actually
made this country great which by the way
happened a lot of times in Massachusetts
if you ever heard of the Minutemen well
it shouldn't have taken me a minute to
explain to you that this is a foolish
and idiotic thing my friend if you and
Massachusetts are creating kids so
spineless so cowardly and so incredibly
immature that they can't simply say I
failed I didn't do as well as I wanted
to but I'll work harder and make it next
time so they have some to push for maybe
you really need to take effect the
second look as to what exactly you're
trying to create a Massachusetts your
students don't need coddling they don't
need to worry about everything that
could possibly hurt their feelings what
they really need is some man to act like
a man and hold them accountable for what
they achieve and if they just missed it
by a hair tell him next time you'll make
it remember you can either wine or you
can win you can quit or you can get even
more motivated you can give up and
cry about it or you can be motivated to
say this will never happen again let's
create American kids that actually
compete at the highest levels with kids
from all over the world and let me tell
you something Massachusetts if you're
afraid they might be devastated because
they failed you're not doing anybody a
good service specifically I might add as
a principal your kids